udpate vector db async docs (#220)
agno-agi/agno-docs: vectordb/chroma.mdx

    typer.run(pdf_agent)
```

<Card title="Async Support ⚡">
  <div className="mt-2">
    <p>

>       ChromaDB now supports asynchronous operations for improved performance in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ChromaDB also supports asynchronous operations, enabling concurrency and leading to better performance.
```

Reviewer: And the rest

Author: yep, doing the changes
